# 18th of Obeli 862nd Year Age of Air, Taramount

It was actually nice to see city again, I guess I must have become familiar with it and comfortable. Feels strange after so many years of just passing through, always moving and never looking back. But, Yaga, it wasn't nice to see that airship.

Went to see council to tell them what we'd learnt. I would have rathered getting something to eat and finding somewhere to stay, but Durzal went to do that. When we got council meeting we found Isophie and she told us there was meeting planned at sunset, so did have time for food. But real event happened when that gnome and that strange deer thing appeared. She really did make me uncomfortable, how she was talking about me and Mały. And I thought she was crazy, talking to "Fidget", but there was that point I saw what looked like rabbit for second. Maybe she isn't crazy and that's what she's talking about.

Whatever, she's unnerving and I wish she'd leave me alone, I'm no project, or whatever she said. At least she was willing to play tongo. And I didn't like hearing that pish airship had actually attacked city, and Yaga did it leave big crater from whatever it had loosed. I don't like this. Urdlen, gnome, used some magic spell and found that there where traces of what of what he called "raw potential", and from how he explained what it was I can't help but think it's very bad news.

At council meeting Urdlen and Eary were allowed in, which I thought was bit presumptions on our part as we didn't even ask. Thinking about it, that's good way to describe Eary, she doesn't seem to know much about everyday world. Their ambassador from empire came in with box, saying their was message inside. Urdlen said it was using illusionary magic. How everyone seems to be magic is kind of making me feel better about what's happened to me. Babcha is magic, so is Vujek and Ailuin, Mały, Azeshara and now Urdlen and Eary also seem to be magic. Magic used to freak me out and when I came back and learnt I was magic it made me uncomfortable, but knowing so many others are too kind of makes me feel normal. While, sort of.

Anyway, illusion turned out to be Xaon's head, and it started talking, saying if we didn't surrender city they'd destroy it and we had day. I don't like pem ambassador. Pem fat grokkel, all show and pompous. After seeing this Isophie took her leave and reast of us started talking. Kami straight away called for surrender and started waxing about how king wasn't here and had let us down. I'm sure he's for empire, grokkel. Fortunately everyone was quick to shoot him down and it didn't take long before it was decided we should sleep on what we've heard and reconvene later, so we headed to Final Toll, where Durzol had already gone to find rooms. We had couple of drinks and I played tongo with Mały and Eary before making sleep. Tomorrow will be interesting day.

While I thought I'd get to sleep. But before I went up to my room Isophie came into Final Toll. Babcha was quite strange around her, I think she thought it might be trick. Anyway, Isophie apologised for her behaviour at council and told us that Cancak had arrived. Babcha suggested that he shouldn't go before council because there was untrustworthy people in it. She been blathering about it and what we should do all night. Anyway, Isophie took us to Delosar's where Cancak was staying. Silly Babcha, she went to kick door down because of blue light she could see, but she only brock panel in door and it wasn't locked anyway. Not to mention Cancak just invited us in and blue light was just something he was drinking. After very lengthy discussion he'd told told us what discovered in Empire and everyone agreed that he wouldn't go to council but would find sanctuary in our base, along with his family, with assurances we'd keep him safe. I still don't completely trust him though, he sounded very willing to turn on us if he was caught by empire.

