# 21st of Obeli 862nd Year Age of Air, Temple of Shar

Well I thought I had finished writing, but things just happened that I have to write down. First I knew was when I was woken by Eary screaming. I know she's strange, but I couldn't imagine even her doing that when it was my watch, especially with Babcha there. When I got outside I could hear Babcha talking to these things that looked like giants we had met in mountains on way to Waldern Heights. Only they looked like they were dead. I mean, they literally looked like they were rotting. After I'd seen them I quietly made my way along hedge and readied my weapons in case we had to fight. I found gap at other end of hedge that meant I could see monsters while they talked to Babcha. I didn't really get it all, something about black rise.

Then fighting started, I think it was Eary who initiated it. I slung bullet at one, but before I could do anything else whole hoard of zombies raised out ground and this wizard zombie came out building. He used magic to attack Babcha and all zombies seemed to attack, one certainly tried to attack me but to no avail. I didn't want to stay where I was, and made darkness so I could get away. I thought about going to help Nettle as there were several zombies attacking her, but she seems to be able to hold her own and Urdlen was there and I would probably cause him problems, he wouldn't be able to see. So I went to magic one. I managed to strike him several times and he looked close to defeat but he managed to fly away. When I looked back round there were bits of zombies everywhere, including all over Babcha who was werewolf. She'd been busy.

But few till stood, who were quickly slain. I think I'll need to talk to Babcha about what happened in morning, but right now I just want to dry off little and maybe get some more sleep.

