# 28th of Obeli 862nd Year Age of Air, Hideout

We've been so busy last few days. Babcha seems to be desperate to finish watch tower and Nettle has been working on training room. I've asked her if she's prepared to teach me bit about using shields when it's finished and she said yes. Can't help but think shield would be useful if I'm going to end up fighting at close quarters. That sling is ok, but it's not same as my old crossbow, I can't fight in same way as I used to. It felt so much safer then, staying back at safe distance and picking off targets with crossbow, just can't do that with sling. Not to mention with my new powers I just feel like I have more options that make me more useful in melee than before, like that shadow I used at temple, that seemed to work well. But, if I am to fight at close range, having some more form of protection would help. I've been speaking about it with Mały in evenings and he did agree.

It's been so nice having opportunity to spend time with him. I've missed our family games of tongo. Krusk has proven keen to join us in our games as well, which has been nice. He reminds me of Vujek. I still remember playing 20 bones with two of them in Taramont and he even insisted we play game of it.

I've been quite amazed at how much people have played actually. Durzol has joined in lot, but that's hardly surprising with how much he and Krusk do together, which is everything. Eary has wanted to play whenever she's seen me, but fortunately she's only been to hideout couple of times, spending most of her time working on some camp or something. Even Nettle played last night, and she was drinking quite liberally. I can't but wonder what was going on, I feel like there was something about her that was different, like it wass significant. I don't think it was anniversary of someone's death or something like that, that's not how you behave, or at least not how I would. I certainly drank on anniversary of Mały's death, but I wasn't close to jolly. I know Nettle is strange and very different to me, but surely this wasn't mourning. Anniversary of when she met someone, maybe. Wait, is Nettle married? Or birthday? What do humans celebrate? What would Nettle celebrate? That women intrigues me.

