# 17th of Domak 862nd Year Age of Air, drilwood

Last night was wild, woke to Babcha shouting alarm. I could see her and Eary with man and women, and immediately got sinking feeling as Babcha attacked him, why dose she try and solve everything with violence? But this won't be hard, thought I, there's only two of them and six of us. How wrong was i? although I don't think it helped that I was only one doing anything. Urdlen just hid in his tent, Babcha ran away after being hit once, although I did rendezvous with her after and she looked rather bad, I even gave her healing potion, praise LLirra I kept one for myself though. Nettle just seemed to wonder around and Eary was just Eary. Only Morthos actually seemed to do anything.

At first I looked to sling at them before moving in but, alas, no opportunity presented itself. I did get to use magic on them when man had darkness round him. Yaga, that bolt did no good for them, it hit women as well. I thought it could do that, but I'd never seen it happen. Next chance I got I charged woman and struke her with my sword, Yaga it was good blow. But she escaped, she seemed to be wiry one she did.

Then I couldn't move as man used magic on me and I was helpless as he then attacked me, and what good where my fellows? None. They just left me. I must have passed out because next thing I knew there was some lizard on me with flask and I had taste of potion in my mouth. I think there's more to that lizard than maybe would meet eye. It's spent time with Urdlen all day, so I think those two are connected, wizard is strange, he can do things I can't understand. But I had no time to ponder this back then, no. I just had time to make haste and withdraw, I even cast dark magic to make myself harder to hit.

But even now I refused to be useless. I still cast magic bolts at man to try and help bring him down. It was nice to finally see Eary do something as well as she punched man and sent him flying. Why couldn't she do before? Babcha was also wailing on him and she was in wolf form now. But what finally did it for them was Nettle, she was in form of what Urdlen and Babcha called tiranosorus, and she was end of them. they tried running and both me and Morthos cast magic to try and bring them down, but Nettle did for them. at least I think, there was darkness over there. I could see some things and could definitely hear fighting after we'd cast. But if I'm honest, I don't know who actually killed who. But they are dead now and can't hurt us, so what dose it matter.

Praise LLirra for seeing me through this night. But I had shock when I did wake and saw giant monster. I had no idea what it wass or where it came from. And I didn't really notice Nettle was gone. I couldn't see her, but that could have just meant she'd plodded off somewhere. It was only after fight when Babcha and Urdlen explained it to me that I understood, and I'd seen tranosorrus turn back into Nettle.

But Yaga, what happened latter was not good. Empior troops came across camp. One staued to investigate while others moved on. Eary went up to him and I was so scared she'd do something stupid, but, praise LLirra, she didn't. to be fair she did really well. She got information out of him that we needed, and got him to not tell anyone about us. I think she used magic on him, same magic she's used on Quentis and Tou-Faon in guard room when we were getting my stuff back last time in Taramont. It's really useful and, praise Llirra, she had sense to use it and not do anything stupid.

But now empire has equipment from stones and we are another step behind. This is just going from worse to worse. I hate this.

Llirra, I pray to you, give me sign. Let me know what to do, how can we stop what is happening? Llirra, I pray you give me strength I need in these dark days. I pray you will give us all strength we need and help guide us all through these dark times so we can once again bring your light upon world. I am yours, blessed be your name.

