# 20th of Domak 862nd Year Age of Air, Hideout

Vujek is alive! I was right to hope. Morthos used magic to see Vujek, he saw him in some workshop with sound of clanking in background, with desk with lenses and chemicals on it. There was another goliath there talking to some strange blue crystal, like we've seen with aromite crystals in empire machines. It seemed clear to Morthos that crystal was Uthal, as goliath called it his old friend and said it was "your new body". I fear this may be very bad, but at least Vujek is alive and there is chance we can save him.

But damn that stupid gnome. We would be in such better situation if he hadn't gone and shown he was here. They know he's with us. Damn him. Llirra curse him and his. No, not his family, they've done nothing. Apart from his wife, if it is his wife. She's with empire and Martzia claimed she has known her all her life. But that crazy women could well be lying, I have no reason to trust her.

I guess I should start from beginning. Just after finishing my last entry I heard Durzol come into hide shouting about how he'd seen empire troops in town. Knowing Krusk was still out there I went out to look for him as soon as I'd heard Durzol say he didn't know where Krusk was. Not wanting to be seen I hugged undergrowth, skirting town, but couldn't find Krusk. But I did see Martzia and someone who looked like Verzana with five warforged in town. When I saw Verzana I felt this strange feeling, deep uncomfortableness. I remember what Ailuin had said about her, and she was right.

I used sending stone to tell Babcha and Nettle what I'd seen and they said they thought I should come back. While it felt bad at time, leaving Krusk, but fortunately I happened to cross paths with him as I went back. Although I didn't need to see him with his member out, Yaga, I should be grateful he was just making water. Who knows what orcs do when they think they're alone.

And praise Llirra I did find him, for empire troops where heading towards him, but I saw them and used magic to tell him. Praise Llirra he had sense to drop and hide, it would have been disaster if he'd frozen or gotten confused. Fortunately all was well and empire passed, leaving us to return to hide safely.

When we were safely back at hide, what did we do? Why, talk. Of course. To be fair, I could see sense of it. This was delicate situation, we had promised not to bring war to this town. So we agreed to go in to observe and not engage, but Yaga did it take long time to decide if Urdlen should come. After what he did earlier tonight Babcha was very weary about letting him come. But in end, he joined us. I used my hat and Babcha used her own magic to disguise herself, while Ailuin used magic to make Nettle, Urdeln and Eary invisible. While I understand why there was issue about Urdlen, I don't understand why no one had issue with Eary coming, she is so unpredictable, but praise Llirra she did, she saved Hugh's life. That grokkel Martzia wanted Hugh to tell her about person they were looking for and when Hugh told her he didn't know what she was on about she went to kill him. Praise Llirra that Eary was there to save him.

But this is bad, from what Martzia said it is obvious to me who they are looking for. I pray they don't find him. Thanks be to Llirra that Isophie had means to let us communicate with Loren and warn him of this, hopefully he'll be able to throw them off his trail.

I can't help but feel bad. I saw Martzia and Verzana before this and she asked where major was. Why did I answer? Why didn't I claim to not know? I didn't want to say anything for fear that she'd recognise my voice, and I again felt that cold chill around Verzana. But I could have shrugged, or used my magic. I pray that Llirra grants me wisdom to deal with such issues should it arise again.

But then that stupid gnome decided to throw stone in pond again. He stepped forward and shed his invisibility, as if using magic to say sorry would fix this. He challenged Verzana, asking where she'd gone and it didn't take long before it looked like we would be fighting in town we'd promised we wouldn't bring war to, and against five warforged. But fortunately he laked self respect needed to stand up for himself and started grovelling, which stayed Martzia's hand. But we were in no better situation for it, he still doesn't have his answers and we couldn't stop his wife getting what she wanted from Hugh with magic, so now they know person they seek is boy matching Bruno's description and which way he went, and empire knows Urdlen is here, and they know Urdlen is with us.

I'm surprised Babcha didn't kill him when we got back to hide. I can't say I feel much sympathy for him after this night. And I don't feel compelled to help him with his wife anymore. It seems plain to me Verzana, regardless of what she is, is now enemy.

But now, after more talking, we have plan. I'm sure Babcha will be happy about it, but I think she will be only one, even though I supported idea. Yaga, why did I support this? Why are we doing this? We are going into fey wild. Desperate measures for desperate times indeed. Eary wants to go wherever it is she goes first and Babcha and Nettle want to go with her. I didn't like what she said, she came to hide and Fidget told us, it's strange to see it or him, or whatever, about how these dragons that empire has aren't actually dragons. They're something called soulbinders. I think that's what Eary is going on about.

I am so tired now. After pem gnome did that pem thing with Bruno and then spending so long praying and then Durzol coming back in early hours of morning, leading to us going into town I haven't slept since we were at Standing Stones.

