# 21st of Domak 862nd Year Age of Air, Feywild somewhere

Yaga, I thought trane was bad. Where we have just come from is so much worse. We left Queen and Babcha 's mother, tof, I do not like her, and set out to find inn. We'd all agreed that's where we wanted to go and, apparently that's how you find places in that city, just thinking of them, madness, we set off. But rather than finding ourselves in inn where we could rest our weary heads we find ourselves here. In this mass of grass so tall I doubt Vujek could see over it and somewhere out there is some pem Fey creature that wants my eyes. Damn this place. I hope Babcha can deal with it, being Fey.

But that city was wired, like everything here. We went in to try and find queen. You'd think we could just walk to wherever her palace, or whatever, is, but no. we needed to think of it and then somehow we'd magically stumble along it, as if thinking thinking of end of your path would change destination. Going down Reed Road would take me to Yita, no matter how much I wished it to take me to Drilwood, or even Taramont. And how was I to think of place I'd never been anyway? Whatever, we found our way there eventually. And, Yaga, was there lot of talking when we did. Not sure I like how Babcha was judged, but nothing has happened as result. Don't know what Nettle was thinking stepping forward to get judged as well. 'twas folly if you ask me.

Just like making deal with devil. Or whatever that one armed thing was that we met after leaving train. I know not exactly of what it spoke about to Babcha but I fear this deal itreferenced may come back to haunt us. But why is everyone wanting to give Babcha task? First River King, now this devil creature and queen. At this rate we'll be doing something for every damn Fey in this damn place.

