# 16th of Domak 862 Age of Air, drilwood

Place we went to this morning was weird, even stranger than those stones. There were traps, some smoke filled room with burnt bodies in it. That led to another room full of bear traps, some of which turned out to be alive and attacked us. Babcha got attached by chest she'd kicked. Yaga, it was madness. It was just like when Vujek was with us.

But we got out of rooms eventually, and found this strange place with these ghostly images acting out scene, I think it weas from long ago, and then this strange animal came from no where and started talking to us, saying it was place. Everything was strange this morning, I don't like that place. I plan on giving those stones wide birth now.

After following this thing around for some time we went to canteen and Eary looked at some books, I don't think anyone else noticed them, but she suddenly got jittery and seemed to want to go, she told me we were in danger. She wanted to use magic to get us out, but Urdlen wanted to stay for some stupid reason. Eventually we persuaded him to come and Eary magicked us away to Drilwood. I think everyone was fine about it, except Urdlen. He's been grumpy about it all day.

But this was my chance and Yaga I took it. Babcha and Morthos went to scry on Gimbol and may Llirra bring them fortune in their endeavours. I feel that gnome won't survive another encounter with us. Urdlen went of sulking and Nettle followed him. At last I had opportunity, only one left was Eary. I doubted she'd stop me, but of course she had to follow me, she couldn't just go and do something herself. Anyway, I went to find out if Eilnala was still in Drilwood and left message for her \<) _ⴙ_ + þp. when I got there, I found note directing me to ٥Ʊ and I made off. Book had said Eilnala was leaving Drilwood soon so I knew time was short. Fate wasn't smiling on me though as everyone then arrived. Just to actually be able to get to meet I told them I was meeting someone and to follow.

At ٥Ʊ we met Eilnala and I made my case that guild should help us. She was little uncooperative, but I think we made deal. Now she's off to Taramont to try and make profit out of chaos there. I wish her luck.

We then went back to town to decide what to do. They haven't got any more decisive since Waldern Heights. Eventually we agreed to go make camp in woods outside town. Urdlen was still upset, as he is still now, and tried to use magic to make me look stupid. I wasn't having it and put on my hat of disguise and chose his wife, which really upset him. There's something about his wife he's not telling me that makes this sore subject for him, but what? Is she pregnant? Would explain why she's not with him, but I would have thought he'd stay with her if that was case. Curious. He has just got more interesting. I tried to apologise and move on, but he obviously wouldn't have it. He made his magic tent again tonight but wouldn't let me in it. Petty. He also wouldn't let Eary in because she took him away from place this morning. She kept dispelling his magic in response. It would have been funny if it wasn't so petty. What is going on here? Thinking about it, one who I'm closest to in my attitude is Nettle. Who'd have thought that? We're here training with shield and those two are behaving like children. Be nice if Vujek was here to knock some sense into them. at this rate Morthos will leave soon. I don't blame him his frustrations, although I don't appreciate comparison to Goblin Cleavers.

